---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Services Offered And Pricing
datePublished: '2015-12-10T20:04:36.795Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-10T05:00:03.757Z'
title: Services
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-10-services.md
published: true
url: services/index.html
_type: Article

---
Services

Haircut 95 / (wet & dry cut - blow dry included)

Extra long, dense hair 125 (wet & dry cut - blow dry included)

Barbering (men's) 65

Shampoo & Styling 50 to 60

(Styling 25 extra with Partial HL services below)

Highlights or Color Panels Partial 125

Highlights or Color Panels Full Head 165 - Extra Fine Highlighting 175

Highlights or Panels Partial HL 135 - Full Head 185 

Color Service (one color) 87

Specialty Coloring/Color Correction (more than one color process) 150 & up

Glazing (semi or demi permanent color) 45 to 85 

Hair Straightening and Frizz Elimination Treatment.

​This treatment is in addition to the Brazilian Keratin Treatment for a more permanent straight look.

(depending on length and density of hair) 125 to 150 

(in addition to the Brazilian Keratin Treatment)

Application  before styling  $ 8.-

(depending on length and density of hair) 275 to 375 

iStraight Permanent Straightening System From Japan

(average 3 to 4 hours) 150 per hour (capped at 4 hours)

(Duration: About 60 min. (styling not incl.)  75 to 85 depending on length of hair.

Lasts 5 to 6 weeks - Most intense hair repair treatment. My clients say it is the best repair treatment ever.

Services

Policy:

Please make sure you arrive on time for your appointment. A client who is 15 minutes late, the allocated time slot will be given to another client, if possible. If two or more services are booked and due to the client being late only one service can be offered, the service(s) that need(s) to be cancelled last minute, will be treated the same way as a no show. A 24 hour cancellation period is required. A less than 24 hour notice will be billed at 50% off the originally scheduled appointment.

No shows are due 50% of missed appointment  before being able to schedule future appointments.

Thank you for your understanding.